s  w2 w1 w1 r  r  s  s  s  s
s  w2 w1 w1 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  s  s  s  s
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn
w2 w1 w1 w2 r  r  sn sn sn sn