s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s  s
ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn sn