g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
g  g  g  g  r  r  g  g  g  g
w2 w2 w2 w2 r  r  w2 w2 w2 w2
w2 w2 w2 w2 r  r  w2 w2 w2 w2
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1
w1 w1 w1 w1 r  r  w1 w1 w1 w1