s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
s  s  s  s  r  r  s  s  s  s
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn
sn sn sn sn r  r  sn sn sn sn